HOW TO CARD HOTELS BY AUTHORIZATION FORM
And so what is it all about? Download http://rghost.ru/6BsVFb7Jn and carefully look !!!
The authorization form is a questionnaire in which all the data of the payer, the period of residence and the card data specified by this form, the Cardholder confirms his consent to withdraw funds. Then the hotel employee enters the bank card data into the POS terminal and makes the payment.

HOTELS CARDING STEP BY STEP
Go to http://www.booking.com/
Choose a hotel, make a reservation on the one we will occupy.

You can do without booking.com and immediately call to hotel.  Call the hotel and appear as an agent request authorization form to pay for the reservation.
An approximate dialogue looks like this:
 - Hi, I'm from travel agency "XXXXX" we want to book a room for our client. Is it possible to pay through the authorization form?
 - Yes of course
 - Very well, send the form to travel@xxxxx.com

 Fill in the authorization form:
Credit Card Holder's Name we enter Cardholder or a fictitious name. Hotel Guest Name we enter the one whom we will occupy. Phones we specify Skype with an answering machine.
 
We make scan, there is an important nuance, it is better to draw not in the form of scans, but in the form of photos in hand. We send all this to the email indicated in the form, they are often asked to be faxed, then you need to call and ask for the email address.
 
We get a check to confirm the transaction. Without this check never place anyone !!!!

You must comply with the maximum limits on a single transaction.  Do not make more than $ 2–3k, since very often for large sums there is a limit on making payments.  What to do if the cost of reservation is 4k for 10 days?
We divide into two periods: the first for 2k 5 days and the second for 2k 5 days.
The scheme looks like this:
Go to http://www.booking.com/ make a reservation on the one who will live (you can do at least a month before settling). 2–3 days before check-in we call the hotel, we get an authorization form - we pay.

Settled. 1–2 days before the start of the second reservation we call from the same phone number to the hotel, we get an authorization form - we pay. The best CC Fullz to make a payment are: Malaysia, Singapore, South Africa, Germany.

To phone calls and making scans should be approached as seriously as possible !!! The quality should be high, there should be no doubt among the hotel employees !!!

HOW TO CARD HOTELS WITH AN AGENT
There are a great many agents of intermediaries between the hotel and the person who needs this hotel. The main difference here is that the agent has a merchant account to receive payment for the hotel.

Let's look at Expedia.com as an example.
We use dedicated server or SSH Tunnel, the selection of tunnels and dedics thing is very serious!!! The agents have a very tough antifraud, so we are doing everything as clearly as possible!!! Stuff is also selected carefully, zip of tunnel/dedic should coincide with the CC Fullz zip. If there is no CC Fullz for zip, then we do not take this SSH Tunel/dedicated server. Since even if the payment passes, the reservation will not give. And if it does, then it will be canceled, checked many times !!!
There is one more nuance that increases the chances. You can enter in the living Cardsholder, then he may simply not come, and even better to call the hotel on behalf of the agent through whom they made a reservation and ask them to change the Name and Surname of the Cardholder to the one we need.
You have to understand that Expedia.com is very popular, and it gives it very reluctantly, but there are a lot of agents and you just have to look.
I will say right away the search for an agent is expensive and time consuming, then you need to go systematically - try different CC Fullz, different schemes, and so on. Be sure to record all your actions during the tests, which would then be accurately understood how to card hotels. Accordingly, these experiments need to have available funds.

MANDATORY RULES WHEN USING CARDED HOTELS:
Before check-in, always call the hotel and confirm that the booking is ok !!
ALWAYS have money in cash, so that if you refuse, you could pay for everything !!!
Do not spend more money than it is !!!!
When paying with a form, always wait until you receive a “slip check”, because even during a call you can be told that everything is good, and after settling in, it turns out that there isn’t and you have to pay your money.
NEVER give your card, if they ask it for a deposit or something else, if they ask, leave cash !!!
PERIOD OF LIFE should not be more than 14 days, you should understand yourself - the less the better !!!
NEVER and to ANYONE to say where the booking comes from, etc., no one should know about carding !!!
